MISY430---Team-Food-Jumble
==========================
	Our mobile application is titled Food Jumble, with the tagline Become the chef you’ve always dreamed of! With this application, a user enters all of the food items on hand, and the app shows a list of possible creations that can be built from the ingredients. The application will show detailed steps on how to create these finished products, as well as pictures to guide you along the way. 
The targeted customer base for our app is all home and apartment owners. Any person whom is interested in creating a meal can use our app, and it is designed simply enough for elder use. The problem that our application solves is the indecisiveness associated with what to eat. Most people craft the same meal continuously with their ingredients on hand, and our app will show them what else they could potentially be creating. 
Our application will be free on the Apple store to gain interest at first and then we will hope to be able to sell it at a small fee of $1.99-$3.99 once established. We reached out to three different potential customers of mixed gender and age. The first customer, a 21 year old male, said that he could see himself using the app. He stated that there have been many times where he would see food go stale/bad because he didn’t know what to make or had too much of it. He said that this app would be very helpful and would consider paying for it once he was able to test it out. The second customer, a 26 year old female, stated that she could see herself using the app. She stated that during her hectic week as a teacher, she has little time to shop for food and even less time to look up recipes. She felt like this app would be perfect for her and said that she would pay for the app if need be once she had an opportunity to test it. The third customer, a 20 year old female, was extremely interested in the app and was willing to pay for it. She said that she just began to learn how to cook but didn’t know many recipes and said that this would help.
The base behind our application will be simplicity, and we feel that a modest price of $1.99-$3.99 is well worth the value of the app. We feel like there is a wide customer segment for this app and are confident that it can be successful. 

